OBS:

video portifolio: tabelinha e mudança no titulo
video website: conteudo e styles


O QUE É PROGRAMAÇÃO
A programming language is a set of instructions that are carried out by a human being and run on a machine so that a specific action occurs. Over the years, with the evolution of technology, several programming languages ​​have emerged for specific fields in the area of ​​Information Technology (IT). 

PQ É NECESSARIO INGLES
According to Noleto (2020), practically all of these languages ​​have English in their structure, in addition to their documentation, which is 100% in English, which can cause difficulties for developers who do not have any notion of English when studying a language.In this way, this work aims to show the importance of studying the English language in programming. 

PQ É NECESSARIO (ESTUDOS)
According to the website Programador Viking (2020), English is present in practically everything when it comes to programming, in study materials, documentation, authorities on the subject and in problem solving. 

PQ É NECESSARIO (CITAÇÃO)
Jeferson Rodrigues, IT professional in an interview with the Piracicaba newspaper (ANUNCIATO, 2021) says that the English language in the area of ​​development: “is extensively applied. Everything we do includes this language, especially the documentation of the technologies we study.” 

PQ APRENDER...AO INVES DE USAR TRADUTOR
Commands such as while, if, for, do while, function, are the basics of a code and understanding each of them is essential and the first step in programming, as all languages ​​have these base commands. The documentation is the language manual and it is through them that you understand how the commands work, most of them are in English and the use of translators such as Google Translate can make understanding difficult, causing the problem of exchanging words and meaning of sentences ( WEB, 2017), in addition to the time that ends up being used only for translation, which can lead to delays in the coding process (PROGRAMADOR VIKING, 2020). 

SUA CARREIRA COM O INGLES
English is essential for the programmer not only for programming studies, but also when entering the software development job market, most companies treat English as a differentiator and even as a requirement in several job openings. jobs (ANUNCIATO, 2021) and at least intermediate knowledge of the language allows for a higher salary. A survey carried out by the Catho website (CARMO, 2017) confirms that Brazilian professionals who are fluent in English can earn a salary up to 61% higher than professionals who only have basic knowledge.To carry out this work, an in-depth research was carried out on websites focused on the technology area, looking for recent and updated articles on the subject, in addition to searching for interviews with professionals in the area who talk about the importance of the topic covered. 

CONCLUSAO
Through this research, we can conclude that English is extremely important in programming and professionals in this area must seek at least basic knowledge of the language to be able to continue their studies and work efficiently and effectively.